Release v0.22.0 (#326)
fluxcd/notification-controller: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

## 0.22.0

**Release date:** 2022-02-10

> This prerelease comes with support for selecting event sources from alerts based on labels and 
> support for sending alerts to Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This prerelease comes with support for sending alerts to Grafana annotations API.

In addition, the Alert API comes with an optional field `spec.eventSources[].matchLabels` that allows selecting event sources based on labels.
```
